So continuing on from last lecture, the next thing I need to do now is find a locator.
Ford is from Tex Filled.
So I'm going to right click and inspect it.
And if I move this over for now.
So if I get to select a tool and click on that field.
And then go to a rocket velocity.
You'll see that I've been given some options here.
So I am going to simply take the CCS one at the top.
And go back to the clips and right driver they'll find element by selector.
And provide the value.
So I also need to send the value of London to that field.
So I am going to do it.
Don't send keys.
And in double quotes, I'm going to write London like so.
So this should take us to this website and it should end to London like so where we would have a number
of results returned to us.
So the next thing I need to do here is I need to store all these values in a collection.
And I'm going to do that by using a list.
So if I go back to Eclipse.
So I am going to write a list and I have pointy brackets.
I'm going to define the data type.
The list is going to school.
So web elements without.
Yes, so and I'm going to call this origins equals driver.
Dot find elements with an S at the end.
By.
CSA selector.
I need to provide the values in those quotes.
And I'm just going to leave a semicolon at the end.
So you can see I need to import less from java util so make sure to pick the java util one.
And I also need to import the web element from selenium.
And those errors will go away.
So at this point here, I now need to go back to the website to try and find a common locator for all
the results that appear in that list.
So I've closed that Web page.
Let me just open it up again quickly.
Okay.
So if I right London here, you'll see that there's a number of results.
So I need to find a locator that will return all these results that appear when I type London in the
text field.
So I am going to right click one of these results and then click Inspect.
And then what you'll find if I open it a little bit wider.
So you can see that is highlighted country, United Kingdom.
So if I get to select the talk, well, if I type in London again.
And if I hover over these, look at the noise.
They are being highlighted.
So that means these elements are within these particular tanks.
So if I expand one.
You'll see that there is an IP tag inside it and if I expand it again, you'll see it as a span tag.
And if I expand the span tag, you'll see London Gatwick.
So that's one of the results.
So you may notice that there is strong tags here which is surrounded in when all this means is that
the value of a loan will appear bold in the results.
But when it's actually displayed on the web page, London would be one word.
So now that I know the structure of the results, I need to find a locator that I can use to try and
retrieve all these values to install them in my list.
So what we can do here is that we can write a custom CC locator.
So if I open up runner ups velocity.
So I need to open this panel here.
And openness.
Why that?
Just so we got a better view.
So how I recommend approaching something like this is to first find the first tags structure tag.
So ignoring strong you'll see that this spend tax here.
So I'm going to write Spanish like so.
Then I'm going to look at the parents of this band take.
So the parent of span.
So if I collapse, suspend sake.
You'll see that span is inside and I'll take.
So I'm going to write a book and to write or, you know, deceased structure to imply a parent and child
relationship in excess.
You can use a pointy bracket like so.
So this is saying I the parents and it has a child of span.
So if I look at the parent of the attack, say, if I collapse the attack now, you'll see that I.
Is a child of the elite like.
So I am going to write Elijah.
Forward potency bracket.
A 4.3 bracket span.
The NBA is the.
Grandparent.
I is the parent and span is the child.
So is that the next thing to look for is to see if there is anything unique that we can use to identify
it.
This particular ally.
So if we look above a lawyer, we can see that lawyer and all the allies actually belong to a fuel tag.
So if we look at it, you'll tag.
Let's see if there's any attributes that are unique.
So I can see that there's an idea here.
And this idea is unique to this.
You'll.
So if I copy this, I'd.
Like so.
And then go back here.
So I need to place a space in between this.
And because it's an I.D., I need to use the hash character.
And then I'm going to paste the value of the ID.
So all they're saying is that I'm providing an I.D. and the I.D. value.
Is this here?
Then I want you to go and find the NY tags.
Then find all the eyes that belong to an ally tag.
And then I want you to find all the spine elements that sit inside the eye.
Take.
So if I press enter now.
You'll see that it's found 16 results.
And we're going to use this locator for now because we would actually assess what values are being passed
back to us when we run our test.
But for now, I'm going to copy that selector and I'm going to go back to Eclipse and I'm going to paste
it here.
So now this origins is going to store all web elements for all the elements that are found using this
CSA selector.
So the next thing I'm going to do is use a for loop or for each loop.
So I am going to write for Web Element.
Origin.
Colon origins.
So remember when we was you know, as we've covered this in the Java section, when you use a for each
loop, you provide the data type and then origin.
So this can be anything.
But I've called it origin.
Colon Origins is the name of the list.
So then I'm going to have opening and close embraces.
And here I'm going to write system.
Thoughts out.
Thoughts.
Prince Owen.
And inside this I'm going to use origin thoughts.
Get text.
So what is this going to do is it's going to loop round through this list and for each instance, so
for each iteration through the loop, it's going to print out the text of this particular element.
So let me say this for now and try running it.
So take note that there's already text in the from text field it states London Gatwick London.
And the reason for that is that until you click on that text field, it doesn't clear and it contains
the default value of London Gatwick.
So when I've added London or I've sent the value of London, it was added to the end of that line.
So what we can do here is copy this line and simply paste it.
So up to this point here and paste it and instead of sending the value straightaway, first we can click
the text field.
So let's try and run the test again.
And you can see that this time only London was placed in a text field and results have not been displayed.
So now if I go back to Eclipse.
You'll see that is printed a number of values here.
So it also contains the country.
And if we go back to the website.
We'll see.
The reason why it contains the country is because if we look at the span itself.
It actually also contains United Kingdom.
So if I was to expand this idea, for example, and then expand the span.
You see that?
It's got London Gatwick, but there's also another spaniel that's got the country name.
So that's why the number of results is 16, which is more than we were expecting.
So this is where I'm going to stop at this point, and we'll continue in the next lecture.